# Torso

tail and head are soon to be dead(Rhymes!). With torso, you can complete the beast(puns!). Who cares about the tail of a log? By then, your program crashed and burned and you have no idea why, but it'll give you a thousand line stack trace telling you in painstaking detail just how excruciating the computer finds your code (Spoiler: it's because you're using Java or some equally terrible language). And when was the last time you honestly thought "I know, I can solve this mystery by looking at the first 10 lines of a file with head!" That's right, never. The head of a file is full of #include, #ifndef, and self serving comments about how great the author is for coming up with a script that tells you the weather in Zimbabwe, or whatever equally useless thing you're passing through head, because nobody would ever use head on something useful. Seriously, just crack open the file in vi. Oh, you use emacs*? Well, my bad, you and your probably arthritic hands can carry on with your ctrl^c ctrl^X ctrl^y antics. We don't need your kind here.

Then there's torso. torso knows whats up. torso knows that, just like a cow, the good stuff is between the head and the tail. torso will default to showing 10 lines, just like good old (pointless) tail and head. And, just like good old (completely worthless) tail and head (ever notice tail gets mentioned first? That shows how stupid head is), if you feed it -n X, it'll show you X lines. But not just any X lines. Using advanced science techniques, it shows you X lines centered on the midpoint of the file. Get out of the way, Elon Musk, I think I just made the breakthrough of the millenium. Enjoy torso, unless you enjoy emacs**

*This goes for nano users too. Pico users...what are you even doing with your life?
**No, really. Get out of here and don't come back until you've learned vi/vim.
